docs(ivy): add anchor-node insert before/after difference (#35207)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/ivy-compatibility.md

* `DebugElement.classes` returns `undefined` for classes that were added and then subsequently removed (previously, classes added and later removed would have a value of `false`).

* If selecting the native `<option>` element in a `<select>` where the `<option>`s are created via `*ngFor`, use the `[selected]` property of an `<option>` instead of binding to the `[value]` property of the `<select>` element (previously, you could bind to either.) [details](guide/ivy-compatibility-examples#select-value-binding)

> * Embedded-views (such as ones created by `*ngFor`) are now inserted in front of anchor node (`<!--ng-for-of-->`) rather then behind as was the case previously. In most cases this does not have any impact on rendered DOM. In some cases (such as animations delaying the removal of an embedded-view) the new embedded-views will be inserted after the embedded-view being animated away (rather then in front of the embedded-view being animated away as was the case previously). This difference only last while the animation is active, once the animation is finished the resulting rendered DOM is identical.

Reviewer: In markdown files we follow the guideline of formatting the content one sentence per line. This makes git/github diffs easier to scan for differences in content. Additionally I made some content changes and fixed some typos.
```suggestion
* Embedded views (such as ones created by `*ngFor`) are now inserted in front of anchor DOM comment node (e.g. `<!--ng-for-of-->`) rather than behind it as was the case previously.
In most cases this does not have any impact on rendered DOM.
In some cases (such as animations delaying the removal of an embedded view) any new embedded views will be inserted after the embedded view being animated away.
This difference only last while the animation is active, and might alter the visual appearance of the animation.
Once the animation is finished the resulting rendered DOM is identical to that rendered with View Engine.
```
